=head1 NAME
                                          
spiceterm - SPICE Terminal Emulator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 spiceterm [OPTIONS] [-- <command> [args]]

  --timeout <seconds>  Wait this time before aborting (default 
                       is 10 seconds)
  --authpath <path>    Authentication path  (PVE AUTH)
  --permission <perm>  Required permissions (PVE AUTH)
  --port <port>        Bind to port <port>
  --addr <addr>        Bind to address <addr>
  --sasl               Enable SASL based authentication
  --noauth             Disable authentication
  --keymap             Spefify keymap (uses kvm keymap files)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

spiceterm is a full featured terminal emulator and exports the display
using the SPICE protocol. Implements a 'xterm' compatible terminal.

=head2 Features

=over

=item xterm/linux compatible

=item cut and paste (vdagent)

=item screen resize (vdagent)

=item SASL support

=item use TLS to encrypt all traffic

=item use Proxmox VE authentication

=back

=head1 Authentication

You can disable authentication using the C<--noauth> option. 

Please use C<--sasl> if you want to connect with username and password
(password if verified using the Proxmox VE auth framework).

Ticket authentication is default, and you should pass the ticket using
the C<SPICE_TICKET> environment variable.

 # SPICE_TICKET=PASSWD ./spiceterm

=head1 Keyboard Layout

Due to SPICE protocol limitation, you need to specify the keyboard
layout used by the client. We currently use the keymap files from kvm
(/usr/share/kvm/keymaps/).

 # spiceterm --keymap de

=head1 EXAMPLES

By default we start a simple shell (/bin/sh)

 # spiceterm --noauth 

You can then connect with remote-viewer

 # remote-viewer spice://localhost?tls-port=5900

Note: spiceterm uses a short timeout and exit if no client connects
(for security reasons).

You can also specify the program to execute, for example a login screen

 # spiceterm --noauth -- /bin/login

Or enter a OpenVZ container console

 # ./spiceterm --noauth -- vzctl enter 100  


=head1 AUTHOR

Dietmar Maurer <dietmar@proxmox.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

Copyright (C) 2013 Proxmox Server Solutions GmbH

Copyright: spiceterm is under GNU GPL, the GNU General Public License.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
